discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = tungus
religion = tengri_pagan_reformed
capital = "Mukhtuya"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 10
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 3



discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = BRT


1632.1.1 = {
	discovered_by = RUS owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	culture = russian
	religion = orthodox
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = fur
}
1655.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1657.1.1 = { add_core = RUS }
1660.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1684.1.1 = { unrest = 4 } 
1686.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
