discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


culture = dyola
religion = shamanism 
capital = "Mesurado"
trade_goods = slaves 
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
owner = USA
controller = USA
add_core = USA
is_city = yes
discovered_by = MAL
discovered_by = SOF
discovered_by = ASH
discovered_by = SON
discovered_by = HAU
discovered_by = KBO
discovered_by = OYO
discovered_by = BEN

1465.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR } 

1543.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1620.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1624.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1680.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1687.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1760.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
