discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = DAH 
controller = DAH
add_core = DAH
is_city = yes
culture = fon
religion = shamanism 
capital = "Allada"
trade_goods = slaves
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 60
native_ferocity = 4
native_hostileness = 9



discovered_by = sub_saharan


1625.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1700.1.1 = { capital = "Abomey" } 
1724.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1727.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1804.1.1 = { discovered_by = SOK }
