discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KON
controller = KON 
culture = kongolese
religion = shamanism 
capital = "M'banza Kongo"
trade_goods = iron
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = KON
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = sub_saharan
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2

1483.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR } 
1560.1.1 = { capital = "São Salvador do Congo" } 
1665.10.30 = { unrest = 8 } 
1702.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
