discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = SFA
controller = SFA
add_core = SFA
culture = nyasa
religion = sunni
capital = "Quelimane"
is_city = yes
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = ivory
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = central_african

extra_cost = 10

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = zambezi_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

1498.2.15 = { discovered_by = POR } 
1531.1.1 = {
	owner = POR
	controller = POR
	add_core = POR
}
1631.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1632.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1750.1.1 = { trade_goods = grain } 
