discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = ZAN
controller = ZAN
add_core = ZAN
culture = swahili
religion = shamanism 
capital = "Bagamayo"
is_city = yes
base_manpower = 1
trade_goods = ivory
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = central_african


1498.3.16 = { discovered_by = POR } 
1600.1.1 = { discovered_by = TUR }
1730.1.1 = { owner = OMA controller = OMA add_core = OMA } 
1763.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
