discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = nubian 
religion = shamanism 
capital = "Alays"
native_size = 80
native_ferocity = 4
native_hostileness = 9 
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2

discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1620.1.1 = { discovered_by = NUB owner = NUB controller = NUB add_core = NUB trade_goods = slaves is_city = yes } 
1633.1.1 = { unrest = 6 } 
1696.1.1 = { unrest = 3 } 
1705.1.1 = { capital = "Fashoda" } 
