discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = RAG
controller = RAG
culture = croatian
religion = catholic
capital = "Ragusa"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 5 
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = RAG

discovered_by = KAZ
discovered_by = CRI
discovered_by = GOL
discovered_by = AST
discovered_by = QAS
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2

1806.5.26 = { controller = FRA } 
1806.6.17 = { controller = RAG } 
1806.7.12 = { controller = FRA }
1807.7.9 = { owner = FRA add_core = FRA } 
1808.1.1 = {
	owner = ITA
	controller = ITA
} 
1810.1.1 = {
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
} 
1813.9.20 = { controller = HAB } 
1814.4.6 = {
	owner = HAB
	add_core = HAB
	remove_core = FRA
}

1867.6.8 = {
	owner = AHE
	controller = AHE
	add_core = AHE
	remove_core = HAB
}
