discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = HUN
controller = HUN
culture = croatian
religion = catholic
capital = "Varazdin"
trade_goods = cloth
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 1
estate = estate_nobles
is_city = yes
add_core = HUN
add_core = CRO
discovered_by = KAZ
discovered_by = CRI
discovered_by = GOL
discovered_by = AST
discovered_by = QAS
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1526.8.30 = {
	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	add_core = HAB
	add_core = TRA
} 
1567.1.1 = { religion = reformed } 
1570.1.1 = { remove_core = TRA } 
1604.1.1 = { revolt = { type = noble_rebels size = 2 } controller = REB } 
1606.1.1 = { revolt = {} controller = HAB }


1867.6.8 = {
	owner = AHE
	controller = AHE
	add_core = AHE
	remove_core = HAB
}
