discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = TUR
controller = TUR
culture = bulgarian
religion = orthodox
capital = "Silistra"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 4
is_city = yes
add_core = TUR
add_core = BUL



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group


1481.6.1 = { unrest = 6 } 
1482.7.26 = { unrest = 0 } 
1555.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1556.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1688.1.1 = { unrest = 6 } 
1689.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1793.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1798.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
