discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = NAX
controller = NAX
culture = greek
religion = orthodox
capital = "Naxos"
trade_goods = wine
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = NAX



discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western


1555.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1556.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1579.1.1 = {	owner = TUR
	controller = TUR
	add_core = TUR
}
1740.1.1 = { base_tax = 1 base_production = 1 } 
1770.6.11 = { controller = RUS } 
1774.7.21 = { controller = TUR }
1830.1.1 = { controller = GRE owner = GRE add_core = GRE }