discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = BRI
controller = BRI 
capital = "Vannes"
is_city = yes
culture = breton
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
trade_goods = fish
base_manpower = 3
estate = estate_nobles
add_core = BRI
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1453.1.1 = { add_core = FRA }
1532.8.4 = { owner = FRA controller = FRA } 
1588.12.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1594.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1650.1.1 = { capital = "Lorient" }
