discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american
owner = HAB
controller = HAB
add_core = HAB
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 5 
base_production = 5
trade_goods = iron
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Gorizia"
estate = estate_nobles
is_city = yes
hre = yes



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1420.1.1 = {
	add_core = STY
	capital = "Görz"
} 
1452.1.1 = {
	owner = STY
	controller = STY
}
1457.11.24 = {	
	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	remove_core = STY
}
1525.5.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1526.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 

1867.6.8 = {
	owner = AHE
	controller = AHE
	add_core = AHE
	remove_core = HAB
}
