discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = TKI
controller = TKI
culture = togoku
religion = shinto
capital = "Inabayama"
trade_goods = paper
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_manpower = 3
base_production = 4
is_city = yes
add_core = TKI
fort_15th = yes 
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = MCH
discovered_by = KHA
discovered_by = OIR
discovered_by = QNG
discovered_by = ANU



1542.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1561.1.1 = { add_core = ODA }
1567.10.1 = { owner = ODA controller = ODA remove_core = TKI }
1567.10.1 = { capital = "Gifu" } 
1600.10.21 = { owner = TKG controller = TKG add_core = TKG remove_core = ODA fort_15th = no } 