discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = POR
controller = POR
culture = portugese
religion = catholic
capital = "Coimbra"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 5 
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
estate = estate_nobles
add_core = POR
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern


1580.8.25 = { controller = SPA }
1580.8.26 = { controller = POR }
1640.1.1 = { unrest = 8 } 
1640.12.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1807.12.1 = { controller = FRA } 
1808.8.30 = { controller = POR }