discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = SWI
controller = SWI
culture = swiss
religion = catholic
capital = "Chur"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = yes
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
estate = estate_church
fort_15th = yes
add_core = SWI
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1513.7.3 = { unrest = 7 } 
1515.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1524.1.1 = { religion = reformed }
1653.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1654.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1656.1.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1657.1.1 = { unrest = 2 } 
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
