discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = BRE
controller = BRE
culture = hannoverian
religion = catholic
capital = "Bremen"
trade_goods = fish
hre = yes
base_tax = 6 
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 4
is_city = yes
add_core = BRE
fort_15th = yes
add_local_autonomy = 50
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
extra_cost = 18
center_of_trade = 1


add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = weser_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

1532.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1563.1.1 = {
} 
1576.1.1 = {
} 
1627.5.1 = { controller = HAB }
1629.5.22 = { controller = BRE }
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
1811.12.13 = {
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
	add_core = FRA
}
1814.4.11 = {
	owner = BRE
	controller = BRE
	remove_core = FRA
}