discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = HAB
controller = HAB
add_core = HAB
capital = "Altkirch"
is_city = yes
culture = swabian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 6
trade_goods = iron
base_manpower = 4



discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1452.1.1 = {
	owner = STY
	controller = STY
	add_core = STY
}
1457.11.24 = {
	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	remove_core = STY
}
1635.5.1 = { controller = FRA } 
1636.8.15 = { controller = HAB } 
1636.10.20 = { controller = FRA } 
1648.1.1 = { owner = FRA add_core = FRA } 
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
