discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = TIM
controller = TIM
culture = uzbehk
religion = sunni
capital = "Kulob"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = TIM
add_core = TRS
discovered_by = KAS
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group


1501.1.1 = { controller = SHY } 
1502.1.1 = { owner = BUK add_core = BUK controller = BUK remove_core = TIM } 



1673.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1677.1.1 = { discovered_by = FRA }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

