discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = CRI
controller = CRI
culture = crimean
religion = sunni
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
trade_goods = salt
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Kherson"
is_city = yes
add_core = CRI



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group


1478.6.1 = { add_core = TUR } 
1736.6.1 = { controller = RUS } 
1739.9.29 = { controller = CRI } 
1771.7.1 = { controller = RUS } 
1774.7.21 = {	controller = CRI add_core = RUS remove_core = TUR } 
1783.4.8 = { owner = RUS controller = RUS remove_core = CRI } 
