discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


add_core = SWE
owner = SWE
controller = SWE
culture = swedish
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
trade_goods = iron
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Örebro"
estate = estate_nobles
is_city = yes
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1497.3.13 = { controller = DAN } 
1497.10.6 = { controller = SWE } 
1501.8.1 = { controller = DAN } 
1502.3.15 = { controller = SWE } 
1527.6.1 = { religion = protestant}
