discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


culture = abenaki
religion = totemism
capital = "Arsigantegok"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
native_size = 15
native_ferocity = 3
native_hostileness = 8



discovered_by = north_american

1609.1.1 = { discovered_by = FRA } 
1629.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }

1650.1.1 = {
	owner = ABE
	controller = ABE
	add_core = ABE
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = fur
} 
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }
1760.1.1 = { controller = CAN } 
1763.2.10 = { owner = CAN add_core = CAN } 
1791.1.1 = { remove_core = ABE culture = english religion = protestant} 
