discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = BAH
controller = BAH
culture = telegu
religion = hinduism
capital = "Mahur"
trade_goods = tropical_wood
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = BAH
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1453.1.1 = {
	controller = REB
	revolt = {
		type = nationalist_rebels
		size = 0
	}
} 
1456.1.1 = { controller = BAH revolt = { } }	
1490.1.1 = {
	owner = BRR
	controller = BRR
	remove_core = BAH
}
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1574.1.1 = {
	controller = GOC
	owner = GOC
	add_core = GOC
} 
1596.1.1 = {
	controller = MUG
	owner = MUG
	add_core = MUG
} 
1712.1.1 = { add_core = DEC }	
1724.1.1 = {
	owner = DEC
	controller = DEC
	remove_core = MUG
} 
