discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = VIJ
controller = VIJ
culture = kannada
religion = hinduism
capital = "Devarayanagara"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
estate = estate_nobles
add_core = VIJ
add_core = MYS
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese

1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1638.1.1 = {
	owner = BIJ
	controller = BIJ
	remove_core = VIJ
}
1685.1.1 = { controller = MUG } 
1686.1.1 = {
	owner = MYS	
	controller = MYS
	capital = "Bangalore"
}
