discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = JPR
controller = JPR
culture = garjati
religion = hinduism
capital = "Jeypore"
trade_goods = tropical_wood
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = JPR
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman

1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1752.1.1 = {
	owner = NAG
	controller = NAG
	add_core = NAG
} 
1803.1.1 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
}
1806.1.1 = {
	owner = NAG
	controller = NAG
}
1816.1.1 = {
	owner = JPR
	controller = JPR
}
