discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = CHD
controller = CHD
culture = gondi
religion = hinduism
capital = "Ballarsah"
trade_goods = tropical_wood
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = BRR
add_core = CHD



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman

1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

1757.1.1 = {
	owner = NAG
	controller = NAG
	add_core = NAG
}
