discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = GUJ
controller = GUJ
culture = gujarati
religion = hinduism
capital = "Ahmadabad"
trade_goods = paper
hre = no
base_tax = 5 
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = GUJ
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese

1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1573.6.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	controller = MUG
	add_core = MUG
} 
1725.1.1 = {
	owner = GUJ
	controller = GUJ
	remove_core = MUG	
} 
1757.1.1 = {
	owner = BDA
	controller = BDA
	add_core = BDA
} 
1818.6.3 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
	remove_core = BDA
}
