discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = BAL
controller = BAL
culture = baluchi
religion = sunni
capital = "Siwi"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = BAL
add_core = SND



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group


1595.1.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	controller = MUG
	add_core = MUG
}



1677.1.1 = { discovered_by = FRA }
1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

1747.10.1 = {
	owner = AFG
	controller = AFG
	add_core = AFG
	remove_core = MUG
} 
