discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = KMN
controller = KMN
culture = pahari
religion = hinduism
capital = "Champawat"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = KMN
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese


1568.1.1 = { capital = "Almora" }
1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }
1779.1.1 = {
	owner = GHR
	controller = GHR
	add_core = GHR
}
1790.1.1 = { owner = NPL controller = NPL add_core = NPL }
1814.11.1 = { controller = GBR }
1816.12.2 = {
	owner = GBR
	add_core = GBR
}
