discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = MUL
controller = MUL
culture = panjabi
religion = sunni
capital = "Dera Ghazi Khan"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = MUL
estate = estate_nobles
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese


1414.1.1 = {
	owner = DLH
	controller = DLH
}
1437.1.1 = {
	owner = MUL
	controller = MUL
} 
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1526.1.1 = {
	owner = SND
	controller = SND
} 
1544.1.1 = {
	owner = BNG
	controller = BNG
} 
1545.1.1 = {
	owner = SND
	controller = SND
} 
1574.1.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	controller = MUG
	add_core = MUG
} 
1752.1.1 = {
	owner = AFG
	controller = AFG
	remove_core = MUG
}
