discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = NOR
controller = NOR
add_core = NOR
culture = norwegian
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = fish
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Steig"
add_local_autonomy = 25
is_city = yes
estate = estate_church
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern


1531.11.15 = { unrest = 10 } 
1532.7.15 = { unrest = 0 } 
1536.1.1 = { religion = protestant} 
1536.1.1 = { owner = DAN controller = DAN add_core = DAN } 
1814.1.14 = {
	owner = SWE
	revolt = { type = nationalist_rebels size = 1 }
	controller = REB
	remove_core = DAN
} 
1814.5.17 = { revolt = {} owner = NOR controller = NOR } 
