discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MNG
controller = MNG
add_core = MNG
culture = chimin
religion = confucianism
capital = "Ngaichow"
trade_goods = incense
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1514.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1662.4.1 = {
	owner = CZH
	controller = CZH
	add_core = CZH
} 
1681.10.1 = {
	owner = QNG
	controller = QNG
	add_core = QNG
}