discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = BAL
controller = BAL
culture = baluchi
religion = sunni
capital = "Bela"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_local_autonomy = 25
add_core = BAL
discovered_by = KAS
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group

1500.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1595.1.1 = { owner = MUG controller = MUG add_core = MUG }
1666.1.1 = {
	owner = BAL
	controller = BAL
	remove_core = MUG
} 

