discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = BAL
controller = BAL
culture = baluchi
religion = sunni
capital = "Kharan"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = BAL
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group

add_local_autonomy = 75

1649.1.1 = { controller = PER }
1650.1.1 = { owner = PER }
1666.1.1 = {
	owner = BAL
	controller = BAL
}



1673.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1677.1.1 = { discovered_by = FRA }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

