discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = HED
controller = HED
culture = hejazi_culture
religion = sunni
capital = "Truba"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = HED
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african
