discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = DAW
controller = DAW
culture = bedouin_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Aflaj"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = DAW
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african


1515.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1785.1.1 = { 
	owner = NAJ
	controller = NAJ
	add_core = NAJ
}
1818.9.9 = {
	owner = DAW
	controller = DAW
	remove_core = NAJ 
} 
