discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = HDR
controller = HDR
culture = yemeni_culture
religion = sunni
capital = "Say'un"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = HDR
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african


1480.1.1 = { discovered_by = TUR }
1488.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR } 
1654.1.1 = {
	owner = RAS
	controller = RAS
	add_core = RAS
}
1681.1.1 = {
	owner = HDR
	controller = HDR
}