discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = DAI
controller = DAI
culture = vietnamese
religion = mahayana
capital = "Hai Phong"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = DAI



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian

extra_cost = 10

add_permanent_province_modifier = {
	name = red_river_estuary_modifier
	duration = -1
}

1413.1.1 = {
	owner = MNG
	revolt = { type = nationalist_rebels size = 2 }
	controller = REB
	add_core = MNG
} 
1427.1.1 = {
	revolt = {}
	owner = DAI
	controller = DAI
	remove_core = MNG
} 
1514.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1520.1.1 = { unrest = 10 } 
1524.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1730.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1731.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1802.7.22 = {
	owner = ANN
	controller = ANN
	remove_core = DAI
} 
