discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = AYU 
controller = AYU
culture = central_thai
religion = buddhism
capital = "Phitsanulok"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = AYU
add_core = SUK
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian

1535.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1767.4.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1774.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
