discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = SUK
controller = SUK
culture = central_thai
religion = buddhism
capital = "Phra Bang"
trade_goods = tropical_wood
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = SUK



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian


1438.1.1 = {	
	add_core = AYU
} 
1530.1.1 = {
	owner = AYU
	controller = AYU
	remove_core = SUK
} 
1535.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1767.4.1 = { unrest = 7 } 
1774.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
