discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = GOL
controller = GOL
culture = astrakhani
religion = sunni
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
trade_goods = livestock
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Majar"
is_city = yes
add_core = GOL
add_core = AST
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group


1459.1.1 = {
 	owner = AST
	controller = AST
	remove_core = GOL 
} 
1556.6.2 = {
	owner = NOG
	controller = NOG
	add_core = NOG
	remove_core = AST 
} 
1634.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	remove_core = NOG
	culture = mongol
	religion = buddhism 
} 
