discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MOR
controller = MOR
culture = berber
religion = sunni
capital = "Ouarzazate"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = MOR
add_core = SOS
add_core = TFL



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1444.1.1 = {
	owner = SOS
	controller = SOS
	add_core = SOS
}
1465.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1472.1.1 = { owner = TFL controller = TFL unrest = 0 } 
1549.1.1 = {
	owner = MOR
	controller = MOR
	remove_core = TFL
}	
1603.8.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1629.1.1 = {
	owner = SOS
	controller = SOS
	unrest = 0
}
1631.1.1 = {
	owner = TFL
	controller = TFL
	add_core = TFL
}	
1668.9.7 = {
	owner = MOR
	controller = MOR
} 