discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


culture = cree
religion = totemism
capital = "Placentia"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 2
discovered_by = north_american

1497.6.24 = { discovered_by = ENG } 
1502.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR } 
1510.1.1 = {
	add_permanent_province_modifier = {
		name = "grand_bank_fisheries"
		duration = -1
	}
}
1534.1.1 = { discovered_by = FRA } 
1620.1.1 = {
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
	add_core = FRA
	is_city = yes
	culture = cosmopolitan_french
	religion = catholic
	trade_goods = fish
} 
1655.1.1 = { capital = "Plaisance" } 
1713.4.11 = {
	owner = CAN
	controller = CAN
	capital = "Placentia"
	culture = english
	religion = protestant
	add_core = CAN
	remove_core = FRA
} 
