discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


culture = highland_mayan
owner = KAQ
controller = KAQ
add_core = KAQ
is_city = yes
religion = mesoamerican_religion
capital = "Chacujal"
trade_goods = gems
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
 
add_local_autonomy = 50
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 2
discovered_by = mesoamerican

1524.1.1 = {
	discovered_by = SPA 
	owner = SPA 
	controller = SPA 
	add_core = SPA
}
1529.1.1 = {
	culture = centroamerican
	religion = catholic
} 
1810.9.16 = { owner = CAM add_core = CAM controller = CAM } 

