discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = sumatran
religion = sunni
capital = "Belitung"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 3
native_hostileness = 2



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1405.1.1 = { discovered_by = MNG }
1509.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1812.1.1 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = fish
}
