discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MAJ
controller = MAJ
add_core = MAJ
culture = javanese
religion = hinduism
capital = "Madura"
trade_goods = tropical_wood
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1509.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1527.1.1 = {
	owner = DMK
	controller = DMK
	add_core = DMK
	remove_core = MAJ
} 
1550.1.1 = { religion = sunni }
1587.1.1 = {
	owner = BLM
	controller = BLM
	add_core = BLM
	remove_core = DMK
} 
1613.1.1 = { discovered_by = NED } 
1625.1.1 = {
	owner = MTR
	controller = MTR
	add_core = MTR
	remove_core = BLM
} 
