discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KOR
controller = KOR
culture = korean
religion = confucianism
capital = "Gangneung"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = KOR
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group

1542.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1627.1.1 = { add_core = MCH } 
1636.7.1 = { remove_core = MCH } 
1653.1.1 = { discovered_by = NED } 
