discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = AJU
controller = AJU
add_core = AJU
culture = somali
religion = sunni
capital = "Barawa"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
add_local_autonomy = 25
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1499.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1500.1.1 = { unrest = 8 } 
1550.1.1 = { discovered_by = TUR }
1705.1.1 = { unrest = 0 owner = OMA controller = OMA add_core = OMA trade_goods = grain } 
