discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = LIT
controller = LIT  
culture = ruthenian
religion = orthodox
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
trade_goods = grain 
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Kiev"
is_city = yes
add_core = KIE
add_core = LIT
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2

1550.1.1 = { fort_15th = yes }
1569.7.1 = {
	owner = PLC
	controller = PLC
	add_core = PLC
}
1595.1.1 = { unrest = 4 } 
1596.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
1648.1.1 = {	revolt = { type = nationalist_rebels size = 0 }
	controller = REB
	add_core = ZAZ
}
1654.1.1 = { revolt = {} controller = PLC remove_core = ZAZ }
1667.1.30 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	remove_core = PLC
}
1768.1.1 = { unrest = 8 } 
1769.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
