discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = CJA
controller = CJA
culture = inca
religion = inti
capital = "Wankapampa"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = CJA



discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = CHM


1467.1.1 = {
	owner = INC
	controller = INC
	add_core = INC
}
1524.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA }
1532.11.16 = {
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	culture = castillian
	religion = catholic
} 
1537.1.1 = { unrest = 8 } 
1538.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1541.1.1 = { unrest = 6 } 
1548.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
