discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = huarpe
discovered_by = south_american
religion = animism
capital = "Cordoba"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 20
native_ferocity = 2
native_hostileness = 9
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1

1516.1.23 = { discovered_by = SPA } 
1573.7.6 = {
	add_core = SPA
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	culture = castillian
	religion = catholic
	trade_goods = grain
} 
1600.1.1 = { is_city = yes }
1816.7.9 = {	owner = LAP
	controller = LAP
	add_core = LAP
	remove_core = SPA
} 
