discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


culture = guarani
discovered_by = south_american
religion = animism
capital = "Santiago"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 8




1516.1.23 = { discovered_by = SPA }

1537.8.15 = {
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	culture = castillian
	religion = catholic
	trade_goods = tobacco
}
1669.1.1 = { is_city = yes }
1790.1.1 = { unrest = 6 } 
1811.5.17 = {
	owner = PRG
	controller = PRG
	add_core = PRG
	remove_core = SPA
	unrest = 0
} 
