discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = CRI
controller = CRI
culture = crimean
religion = sunni
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
trade_goods = livestock
base_manpower = 3
capital = "Stavropol"
is_city = yes
add_core = CRI
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = nomad_group


1478.6.1 = { add_core = TUR } 
1774.7.21 = {
	owner = RUS
 controller = RUS remove_core = CRI add_core = RUS remove_core = TUR } 
1777.1.1 = { religion = orthodox culture = russian } 
