discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = LIT
controller = LIT  
culture = byelorussian
religion = orthodox 
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = wool 
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Mogilyov"
is_city = yes
add_core = LIT
add_core = PLT
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = nomad_group

1569.7.1 = {
	owner = PLC
	controller = PLC
	add_core = PLC
} 
1618.1.1 = { unrest = 4 } 
1619.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1772.8.5 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	remove_core = PLC
} 
1794.3.24 = { unrest = 5 } 
1794.11.16 = { unrest = 0 }
1812.7.8 = { controller = FRA } 
1812.11.9 = { controller = RUS }
