discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = LUC
controller = LUC
add_core = LUC
culture = tuscan
religion = catholic
hre = yes
base_tax = 6
base_production = 6
trade_goods = cloth
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Lucca"
is_city = yes 
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1


1495.1.1 = { hre = no }
1805.6.10 = {
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
	add_core = FRA
}
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
1814.4.11 = {
	owner = LUC
	controller = LUC
	remove_core = FRA
} 