discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MOR
controller = MOR 
culture = moroccan
religion = sunni
capital = "Tangier"
trade_goods = cloth
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
fort_15th = yes
add_core = MOR
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2

1471.1.1 = { controller = POR add_core = POR }
1471.12.30 = { owner = POR }
1662.1.1 = {
	owner = ENG
	controller = ENG
	add_core = ENG
	remove_core = POR
} 
1679.1.1 = { unrest = 4 } 
1684.1.1 = {
	owner = MOR
	controller = MOR
	remove_core = ENG
	unrest = 0
} 
