discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MOR
controller = MOR
culture = berber
religion = sunni
capital = "Melilla"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
estate = estate_nobles
add_core = FEZ
add_core = MOR



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern


1472.1.1 = {
	owner = FEZ
	controller = FEZ
} 
1497.9.17 = {	owner = CAS
	controller = CAS
	add_core = CAS
} 
1516.1.23 = {	controller = SPA
	owner = SPA
	add_core = SPA
}
1556.1.1 = { remove_core = MOR } 
1713.4.11 = { remove_core = CAS }
1780.12.25 = { add_core = MOR } 
