discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = LIV
controller = LIV
add_core = LIV
add_core = EST
culture = estonian
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
trade_goods = grain
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Arensburg"
is_city = yes



discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern


1542.1.1 = { religion = protestant} 
1559.1.1 = {
	owner = DAN
	controller = DAN
	add_core = DAN
	remove_core = LIV
} 
1568.7.25 = { controller = SWE } 
1570.12.13 = { controller = DAN } 
1645.8.13 = {
	owner = SWE
	controller = SWE
	add_core = SWE
	remove_core = DAN
	estate = estate_nobles
} 
1710.9.20 = { controller = RUS }
1721.8.30 = {
	owner = RUS
	add_core = RUS 
	remove_core = SWE
} 

