discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = ALH
controller = ALH
culture = gulf_arabic
religion = shiite
capital = "Manama"
trade_goods = gems 
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = ALH
add_core = ORM 
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african


1480.1.1 = { discovered_by = TUR }
1521.1.1 = {
	discovered_by = POR 
	owner = POR
	controller = POR
	add_core = POR
} 
1602.1.1 = {
	owner = PER
	controller = PER
	add_core = PER
	remove_core = POR
} 
1783.1.1 = {
	owner = NAJ
	controller = NAJ
	remove_core = PER
} 
1799.1.1 = {
	owner = OMA
	controller = OMA
	add_core = OMA
} 
