discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = MSY
controller = MSY
culture = al_iraqiya_arabic
religion = shiite
capital = "Ahvaz"
trade_goods = sugar
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = MSY
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian

1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1719.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1720.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1747.1.1 = { unrest = 3 } 
1748.1.1 = { unrest = 4 } 
1779.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
