discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


add_core = SWE
owner = SWE
controller = SWE
culture = swedish
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1
trade_goods = grain
base_manpower = 1
fort_15th = yes 
capital = "Elfsborg"
is_city = yes
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1


1527.6.1 = { religion = protestant}
1598.8.15 = { controller = PLC } 
1598.12.15 = { controller = SWE } 
1612.5.24 = { controller = DAN } 
1613.1.20 = { controller = SWE }
1621.1.1 = { capital = "Göteborg" }
