discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KAS
controller = KAS
add_core = KAS
culture = uyghur
religion = sunni
capital = "Yangi Hissar"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes

discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group


1669.1.1 = { owner = OIR controller = OIR add_core = OIR } 
1682.1.1 = {
	owner = ZUN
	controller = ZUN
	add_core = ZUN
}
1755.1.1 = {
	owner = KAS
	controller = KAS
	add_core = KAS 
}
1759.1.1 = { owner = QNG controller = QNG add_core = QNG } 
