discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = LIV
controller = LIV
add_core = LIV
add_core = LVA
culture = latvian
religion = catholic
capital = "Wenden"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
estate = estate_church 
discovered_by = KAZ
discovered_by = CRI
discovered_by = GOL
discovered_by = AST
discovered_by = QAS
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern

1542.1.1 = { religion = protestant} 
1561.1.1 = {
	owner = LIT
	controller = LIT
	add_core = LIT
	remove_core = LIV
} 
1569.7.1 = {
	owner = PLC
	controller = PLC
	add_core = PLC
} 
1575.7.1 = { controller = RUS } 
1582.1.15 = { controller = PLC } 
1600.12.31 = { controller = SWE } 
1603.4.5 = { controller = PLC } 
1625.8.21 = { controller = SWE } 
1629.9.16 = {
	owner = SWE
	controller = SWE
	add_core = SWE
	remove_core = PLC
}
1721.8.30 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	remove_core = SWE
} 
