discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = SRV
controller = SRV 
culture = dagestani
religion = shiite
capital = "Derbent"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = SRV



discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = nomad_group


1501.7.1 = {
	owner = PER
	controller = PER
	add_core = PER
	remove_core = SRV 
} 
1578.9.9 = { controller = TUR } 
1590.3.21 = { controller = GAZ owner = GAZ add_core = GAZ } 
1725.1.1 = {
	owner = GAZ
	controller = GAZ
	add_core = GAZ
	remove_core = PER
	revolt = { }
} 
1747.1.1 = { revolt_risk = 3 } 
1748.1.1 = { revolt_risk = 4 } 
1779.1.1 = { revolt_risk = 0 } 
1803.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
} 
