discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = east_african

1421.1.1 = { discovered_by = MNG }
1453.1.1 = { discovered_by = western }
1488.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

