discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = BPI
controller = BPI
culture = azerbaijani
religion = shiite
capital = "Astara"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = BPI
add_core = ARL
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group

1579.1.1 = {
	owner = KRY
	controller = KRY
	add_core = KRY
}
1592.1.1 = {
	owner = PER
	controller = PER	
	add_core = PER
	remove_core = KRY
} 
1669.1.1 = { unrest = 3 } 
1673.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }
1722.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	add_core = RUS
	remove_core = PER
} 
1734.1.1 = {
	owner = PER
	controller = PER
	add_core = PER
	remove_core = RUS
}
1747.1.1 = {
	owner = ARL
	controller = ARL
} 
1808.1.1 = {
	owner = PER
	controller = PER
}