discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = LRI
controller = LRI
culture = luri
religion = shiite
capital = "Malamir"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = TIM
add_core = LRI
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group

1446.1.1 = {
	owner = MSY
	controller = MSY
	add_core = MSY
}
1550.1.1 = { discovered_by = TUR }
1673.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }
1747.1.1 = { unrest = 3 } 
1748.1.1 = { unrest = 4 } 
1779.1.1 = { unrest = 0 } 
