discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = ENG
controller = ENG
culture = highland_scottish
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
trade_goods = fish
base_manpower = 1
capital = "Castletown"
is_city = yes
add_core = ENG
add_core = KOI
add_core = SCO
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = eastern


1585.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1707.5.12 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
}
