discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MYS
controller = MYS
culture = kannada
religion = hinduism
capital = "Seringapatam"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
fort_15th = yes 
is_city = yes
add_core = MYS
add_jains_or_burghers_effect = yes
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1512.12.1 = {
	controller = VIJ
	owner = VIJ
	add_core = VIJ
	revolt = { }
} 
1529.1.1 = {
	owner = MYS
	controller = MYS
	remove_core = VIJ
} 
1662.1.1 = {
	controller = BIJ
	owner = BIJ
	add_core = BIJ
} 
1684.1.1 = {
	owner = MYS
	controller = MYS
} 
