discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = VIJ
controller = VIJ
culture = telegu
religion = hinduism
capital = "Adavani"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
estate = estate_church
add_core = VIJ
add_core = YOR
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1565.7.1 = {
	controller = GOC
} 
1565.7.1 = { controller = VIJ }
1638.1.1 = {
	owner = BIJ
	controller = BIJ
	remove_core = VIJ
}
1685.1.1 = { controller = MUG }
1686.1.1 = { owner = MUG add_core = MUG }
1712.1.1 = { add_core = DEC }	
1724.1.1 = {
	owner = DEC
	controller = DEC
} 
1800.1.1 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
} 
