discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = BAH
controller = BAH
culture = marathi
religion = hinduism
capital = "Kolhapur"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_rajputs_or_marathas_or_nobles_effect = yes
add_core = BAH
add_core = BIJ
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1490.1.1 = {
	remove_core = BAH
	controller = BIJ
	owner = BIJ
} 
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1650.1.1 = { add_core = MAR }
1657.1.1 = {
	owner = MAR
	controller = MAR
	remove_core = BIJ
} 
