discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = BAH
controller = BAH
culture = marathi
religion = hinduism
capital = "Sholhapur"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
estate = estate_nobles
add_core = BAH
add_core = BIJ
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1490.1.1 = {
	owner = BIJ
	controller = BIJ
	remove_core = BAH
} 
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1565.1.1 = { fort_15th = yes }
1650.1.1 = { add_core = MAR }
1685.1.1 = { controller = MUG }
1686.1.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	add_core = MUG
}
1712.1.1 = { add_core = DEC }	
1724.1.1 = {
	owner = DEC
	controller = DEC
	remove_core = MUG
} 
1760.1.1 = {
	owner = MAR
	controller = MAR
	remove_core = DEC
} 
