discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = RTT
controller = RTT
culture = gondi
religion = hinduism
capital = "Ratanpur"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = RTT
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese


1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }
1740.1.1 = {
	owner = NAG
	controller = NAG
	add_core = NAG
} 
