discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = PRB
controller = PRB
culture = saurashtri
religion = hinduism
capital = "Porbandar"
trade_goods = cotton
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = PRB
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african

1470.1.1 = {
	owner = GUJ
	controller = GUJ
	add_core = GUJ
}
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1540.1.1 = {
	owner = PRB
	controller = PRB
	remove_core = GUJ
} 
1573.6.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	controller = MUG
	add_core = MUG
} 

1725.1.1 = { 
	owner = BDA
	controller = BDA
	add_core = BDA
	remove_core = MUG	
}
1802.1.1 = {
	owner = PRB
	controller = PRB
	remove_core = BDA	
}
