discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = PAN
controller = PAN
culture = vindhyan
religion = hinduism
capital = "Kalinjar"
trade_goods = gems 
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
fort_15th = yes
add_core = PAN
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese

1542.1.1 = { 
	owner = GDW
	controller = GDW
	add_core = GDW
}
1576.1.1 = { controller = MUG }
1577.1.1 = {
	owner = BND
	controller = BND
	add_core = BND
}
1671.1.1 = {
	owner = PAN
	controller = PAN
	remove_core = BND
}
1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

