discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = NGP
controller = NGP
culture = jharkhandi
religion = hinduism
capital = "Soumelpur"
trade_goods = iron
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = NGP
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1627.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1674.1.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	controller = MUG
	add_core = MUG
}
1707.3.15 = {
	owner = BNG
	controller = BNG
	add_core = BNG
	remove_core = MUG
}
1760.1.1 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
} 
1817.1.1 = {
	revolt = {
		type = nationalist_rebels
		size = 1
	}
}
1818.1.1 = { revolt = { } }
