discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = LWA
controller = LWA
culture = nepali
religion = vajrayana
capital = "Yuksom"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = LWA
add_core = SKK
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = NPL

1609.1.1 = {
	owner = SKK
	controller = SKK
}
1670.1.1 = { capital = "Rabdentse" }

1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

