discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KTU
controller = KTU
culture = nepali
religion = hinduism
capital = "Makwanpur"
trade_goods = wool
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = KTU
add_core = MKP
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese

1482.1.1 = {
	owner = GRK
	controller = GRK
	add_core = GRK
}
1609.1.1 = {
	owner = MKP
	controller = MKP
}
1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }
1787.1.1 = {
	owner = NPL
	controller = NPL
	add_core = NPL
}
