discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = JAN
controller = JAN
culture = rajput
religion = hinduism
capital = "Churu"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = JAN
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese


1485.1.1 = { capital = "Rati Ghati" }
1488.1.1 = { capital = "Bikaner" }
1544.1.1 = {
	owner = BNG
	controller = BNG
	add_core = BNG
} 
1545.1.1 = {
	owner = JAN
	controller = JAN
	remove_core = BNG
} 



1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

