discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = UTS
controller = UTS
add_core = UTS
add_core = PHA
culture = tibetan
religion = vajrayana
capital = "Tsurphu"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group

1642.6.1 = {
	controller = KSD
	owner = KSD
	add_core = KSD 
}
1717.1.1 = {
	owner = ZUN
	controller = ZUN
} 
1720.1.1 = {
	owner = UTS
	controller = UTS
	add_core = UTS
}
1721.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA }
1755.10.4 = { unrest = 7 } 
1757.10.4 = { unrest = 0 }
1792.11.1 = {
	owner = QNG
	controller = QNG
	add_core = QNG
} 
