discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = guajiro



discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = MCA

religion = animism
capital = "Guaju"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 1
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 15
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 3




1525.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA }
1571.1.1 = {
	discovered_by = SPA
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	is_city = yes
	culture = castillian
	religion = catholic
	trade_goods = tropical_wood
} 
1811.7.5 = {
	owner = VNZ
	controller = VNZ
	add_core = VNZ
} 
1812.7.25 = { controller = SPA } 
1813.8.7 = { controller = VNZ } 
1814.1.1 = { controller = SPA } 
1819.12.17 = {
	owner = COL
	controller = COL
	add_core = COL
	remove_core = SPA
} 
