discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = yokuts
religion = totemism
capital = "Ohlone" 
trade_goods = unknown 
hre = no 
base_tax = 4
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 3
native_size = 5 
native_ferocity = 1 
native_hostileness = 3 
discovered_by = north_american
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1

1542.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA } 
1776.3.28 = {
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = wool 
} 
1792.1.1 = { capital = "Yerba Buena" } 
1795.1.1 = {
	culture = castillian
	religion = catholic
}
1810.9.16 = { owner = MEX add_core = MEX controller = SPA } 

