discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KAT
controller = KAT
culture = saurashtri
religion = hinduism
capital = "Lakhiyarvira"
trade_goods = salt
hre = no
base_tax = 1 
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_core = KAT
add_core = GUJ
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african


1472.1.1 = {
	owner = GUJ
	controller = GUJ
} 
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1510.1.1 = { capital = Bhuj }
1544.1.1 = {
	owner = BNG
	controller = BNG
} 
1545.1.1 = {
	owner = KAT
	controller = KAT
} 
1592.1.1 = {
	owner = MUG
	controller = MUG
	add_core = MUG
} 
1600.1.1 = { discovered_by = TUR }
1724.1.1 = {
	owner = KAT
	controller = KAT
	remove_core = MUG
}
1819.1.1 = {
	owner = GBR
	controller = GBR
	add_core = GBR
}
