discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KOC
controller = KOC
culture = malayalam
religion = hinduism
capital = "Kochin"
trade_goods = spices
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = KOC
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african

1413.1.1 = { discovered_by = chinese }
1498.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1663.1.1 = { 
	owner = NED
	add_core = NED
	controller = NED
	add_to_trade_company = NED
	add_trade_company_investment = {
		investment = company_depot
		investor = NED
	}
	add_trade_company_investment = {
		investment = company_administration
		investor = NED
	}
}
1773.1.1 = {
	controller = MYS
	owner = MYS
} 
1792.1.1 = {
	controller = KOC
	owner = KOC
}
