discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = KLP
controller = KLP
culture = vindhyan
religion = hinduism
capital = "Jhansi"
trade_goods = iron
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = KLP
add_core = BND
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim 
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese

1501.1.1 = {
	owner = BND
	controller = BND
	capital = "Orchha"
}
1576.1.1 = { controller = MUG }
1577.1.1 = { controller = BND }
1690.1.1 = { discovered_by = ENG }
1707.5.12 = { discovered_by = GBR }

