discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = ASS
controller = ASS
culture = assamese
religion = hinduism
capital = "Koliabar"
trade_goods = silk
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = ASS
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group

1627.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1662.3.1 = { controller = MUG } 
1663.1.1 = { owner = MUG }
1667.1.1 = { controller = ASS } 
1669.1.1 = { owner = ASS }	
1794.12.20 = {
	revolt = {
		type = nationalist_rebels
		size = 1
		name = "Dundiya Rebels"
	}
} 
1810.1.1 = { revolt = { } }
1822.7.1 = { controller = TAU owner = TAU }
1826.1.1 = { owner = GBR controller = GBR add_core = GBR }
