discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KHM
controller = KHM
culture = khmer
religion = buddhism
capital = "Oudong"
trade_goods = incense
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes
add_core = KHM
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian


1510.1.1 = { capital = "Longvek" }
1535.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1618.1.1 = { capital = "Oudong" }
1811.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1812.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
