discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = KHM
controller = KHM
culture = khmer
religion = hinduism
capital = "Angkor"
trade_goods = tropical_wood
hre = no
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = KHM



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian


1500.1.1 = { religion = buddhism }
1535.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1594.1.1 = {
	owner = AYU
	controller = AYU
	add_core = AYU
}
1600.1.1 = { capital = "Siem Riep" }
1767.1.1 = {
	owner = KHM
	controller = KHM
}
1795.1.1 = {
	owner = AYU
	controller = AYU
}
1811.1.1 = { unrest = 5 } 
1812.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
