discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = sumatran
religion = sunni
capital = "Tulangbewang"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 3
native_size = 30
native_ferocity = 9
native_hostileness = 7



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1405.1.1 = { discovered_by = MNG }
1509.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }

1550.1.1 = {
	owner = BAN
	controller = BAN
	add_core = BAN
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = cloth
	
} 
1752.1.1 = {
	owner = NED
	controller = NED
	add_core = NED
	remove_core = BAN
	add_to_trade_company = NED
	add_trade_company_investment = {
		investment = company_depot
		investor = NED
	}
	add_trade_company_investment = {
		investment = brokers_exchange
		investor = NED
	}
}
