discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = MAJ
controller = MAJ
add_core = MAJ
culture = javanese
religion = hinduism
capital = "Gianyar"
trade_goods = cloth
hre = no
base_tax = 3 
base_production = 3
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
add_core = BLI



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman

1405.1.1 = { discovered_by = MNG }

1500.1.1 = {
	owner = BLI
	controller = BLI
	add_core = BLI
	remove_core = MAJ

} 
1512.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR }
1597.1.1 = { discovered_by = NED } 
1675.1.1 = { unrest = 6 } 
1676.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
