discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


culture = filipino
religion = sunni
capital = "Jolo"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 3
native_size = 70
native_ferocity = 7
native_hostileness = 9
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1

1405.1.1 = {
	owner = SUL
	controller = SUL
	add_core = SUL
	is_city = yes
	trade_goods = gems 
} 
1521.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA } 
