discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = WBG
controller = WBG
add_core = WBG
culture = franconian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 2
base_production = 2
trade_goods = wine
base_manpower = 2
capital = "Bamberg"
is_city = yes
hre = yes


discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1632.2.1 = { controller = SWE }
1635.1.16 = { controller = WBG }
1803.1.1 = {
	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
	remove_core = WBG
} 
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
