discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = MNG
controller = MNG
add_core = MNG
culture = xiang
religion = confucianism
capital = "Changsha"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 6 
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 4
is_city = yes
add_core = CHC



discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group

1595.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA }

1643.1.1 = { controller = CXI } 
1647.12.1 = {
	owner = QNG
	controller = QNG
	add_core = QNG
}
1652.4.1 = { controller = MNG }
1658.1.1 = { controller = QNG }
1659.1.1 = {
	owner = QNG
	controller = QNG
	add_core = QNG
} 
1662.1.1 = { remove_core = MNG }
1673.12.1 = { controller = CZH } 
1679.1.1 = { controller = QNG }
