discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = swabian
owner = RVA
controller = RVA
add_core = RVA
capital = "Ravensburg"
religion = catholic
trade_goods = cloth
base_tax = 5
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
hre = yes



discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1803.2.25 = { owner = BAV controller = BAV } 
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
1810.1.1 = {
	owner = WUR
	controller = WUR
	add_core = WUR
}