discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = MNG
controller = MNG
add_core = MNG
culture = chihan
religion = confucianism
capital = "Ningyuan"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
base_tax = 2 
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 2
is_city = yes




discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group


1500.1.1 = { base_tax = 9 
base_production = 9 } 
1519.1.1 = { discovered_by = POR } 
1644.4.22 = {	owner = QNG
	controller = QNG
	add_core = QNG
}
1662.1.1 = { remove_core = MNG } 
