discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american


owner = ANS
controller = ANS
add_core = ANS
culture = franconian
religion = catholic
hre = yes
trade_goods = salt
capital = "Hall"
is_city = yes
base_manpower = 1
base_tax = 3
base_production = 3



discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1522.1.1 = { religion = protestant }
1525.1.1 = { unrest = 6 }
1526.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1791.12.2 = {
	owner = PRU
	controller = PRU
	add_core = PRU
} 
1805.12.15 = {	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
	add_core = FRA
	remove_core = PRU
} 
1806.1.1 = {	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
	remove_core = FRA
} 
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
