discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = SLZ
controller = SLZ 
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
capital = "Salzburg"
trade_goods = salt
hre = yes
base_tax = 6 
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 4
is_city = yes
add_core = SLZ



discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman


1731.11.11 = { unrest = 5 } 
1732.1.1 = { unrest = 0 }
1803.1.1 = {
	owner = ETR
	controller = ETR
	add_core = ETR
	estate = estate_church
} 
1805.12.26 = {	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	add_core = HAB
	remove_core = ETR
} 
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
1809.10.14 = {
	owner = BAV
	controller = BAV
	add_core = BAV
	remove_core = HAB
} 
1814.5.30 = {
	owner = HAB
	controller = HAB
	add_core = HAB
	remove_core = BAV
} 

1867.6.8 = {
	owner = AHE
	controller = AHE
	add_core = AHE
	remove_core = HAB
}
