discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

culture = mapuche
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
religion = animism
capital = "Picunmapu"
trade_goods = unknown
hre = no
base_tax = 2
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 20
native_ferocity = 2
native_hostileness = 9	
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1

1489.1.1 = {
	owner = INC
	controller = INC
	add_core = INC
	religion = inti
}
1520.1.1 = { discovered_by = SPA } 
1541.2.12 = {
	owner = SPA
	controller = SPA
	add_core = SPA
	capital = "Santiago"
	trade_goods = grain
	culture = castillian
	religion = catholic
	is_city = yes
}
1810.9.18 = {
	owner = CHL
	controller = CHL
	add_core = CHL
}
