discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

owner = KOL
controller = KOL
add_core = KOL
culture = hessian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = paper
capital = "Köln"
base_tax = 6 
base_production = 6
base_manpower = 3
is_city = yes
fort_15th = yes 
hre = yes
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
extra_cost = 16
center_of_trade = 2

1583.12.17 = { fort_15th = no }
1638.1.1 = { base_tax = 10 
base_production = 10 } 
1716.1.1 = { base_tax = 12 
base_production = 12 } 
1798.1.1 = { controller = FRA }
1801.2.9 = {
	owner = FRA
	add_core = FRA
}
1806.7.12 = { hre = no } 
1815.6.9 = {
	owner = PRU
	controller = PRU
	add_core = PRU
	remove_core = FRA
}
